So, here we have this population,
which we're going to compute
by adding adults to kids.
Now notice, by the way that we mentioned
previously that this was inferring a type
of I 32 for this and that's because
right now it's just set to be zero.
And I 32 is the default integer type that
Russ chooses if it doesn't have any other
information.
Now watch what happens when
we change this to be adults.
So now, population is now inferred to
be u64 because adults is the type u64.
And if I try to add it to kids,
well, now we're gonna have a problem.
So I'm actually going to have a type
mismatch because basically cannot add you
32 to u64.
Okay, so we need to use as
to convert one or the other.
Now, as I mentioned previously,
if we want we could fix this by
converting adults to be a u32.
But if adults happens
to be bigger than that,
then we might lose some information there.
So, it'd be better if we
converted kids to u64.
So, now we've done that
populations infer to be u64.
And everything's good so far.
Okay.
So that's what you do down.
Next, let's take a look at
computing buildings per person.
Now here again,
we want to end up with an F 64.
Because we wanna make sure that we have
any like decimal component to this
that gets kept around.
The reason that this is currently
computed inferred to be an F 64.
Is this conditional down here we say if
buildings per person is greater than or
equal to 1.0.
And again the default floating point type.
So, 1.0 was a floating point literal, and
the default floating point
time is type is F 64.
Okay, so.
Let's start by saying
buildings over population.
And notice that now it changes
the inferred type u64.
And once again, we have a problem here
where these are a mismatch between
population which is u64 and buildings u32.
But in this case, we want to just
convert both of them to f64 using AZ and
now that we've done that
everything is happy once again.
Great.
So now, if I were to rerun this again,
we would see that this is partially
better, but not totally better.
Because we now have an accurate
population, which is great, but
we still have this to do here
print billings per person here.
And so to fix that, we can just do
a little bit of string interpolation in
the same example, using the same sort
of technique that we've used above.
And say buildings per person.
And there we go.
So now when I rerun, we should
see absolutely everything printed
out population, adults,
kids buildings and buildings per person.
Any questions about that solution?
>> I see that we're declaring
implementing the print population
after mean are there rules about
function order in a single file?
>> Great question.
Are there rules for
function order within a single file?
Nope, if you want to have these in any
order you want like top level functions
you can reorder them however you want.
>> How does cargo know, it has to compile
source main RS, does it target the files
specifically for compilation because it's
only of the only RS bottle available.
>> Great question.
How does cargo know that it's a source
main.rs?
Main.rs is actually a special name,
so it's gonna look for
something named specifically names main.rs
as the entry point of the program.